Update `match` examples (#4107)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/basics/control_flow.md

### `match` expressions

> Sway supports advanced pattern matching through exhaustive `match` expressions. Unlike an `if` statement, a match statement asserts at compile time all possible patterns have been matched. If you don't handle all cases, you'll get a warning from the compiler indicating that you need to add a `_`, a catch-all pattern that matches any value and is used when you want to specify a default action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sway supports advanced pattern matching through exhaustive `match` expressions. Unlike an `if` statement, a `match` expression asserts **at compile** time that all possible patterns have been matched. If you don't handle all the patterns, you will get compiler error indicating that your `match` expression is non-exhaustive.
```

> The basic syntax of a `match` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic syntax of a `match` statement is as follows:
```

```sway

> match expression {

Reviewer: Just to emphasize that it is possible to return a value from a `match` expression.
```suggestion
let result = match expression {
```
